README.md, before:

Wizkers
============

Wizkers is a universal open source application for both data visualization and control of various kinds of scientific instruments. It is a full Javascript/HTML5 application which runs on nearly any computer, phone or tablet.

It can also run as a standalone server application, on any Linux platform, from a simple Raspberry Pi or Beaglebone black, all the way to cloud-hosted AWS instances, which gives it tremendous flexibility. Basically, it is a real open source simple 'cloud' system and one of the only 'cloud' projects out there with a fully open source license for both front-end and backend.

Out of the box, Wizkers supports a variety of instruments, and it can easily be extended to support additional devices.

You will find all the information you need on www.wizkers.io, including a complete user and developer documentation.

Installing
----------

Please refer to the official documentation on http://www.wizkers.io/ for all the details!

Software License
----------------

TL;DR: Wizkers is Open Source software under the terms of MIT License for all code, and Creative Commons CC-BY-SA 4.0 for
all original artwork.

Full version:

Artwork
========

Unless noted otherwise, all original artwork is licensed under Creative Commons CC-BY-SA 4.0.

Code
=====

All third party libraries are licensed under their respective license. All original code is licensed under the MIT license:

 The MIT License (MIT)
  Copyright (c) 2016 Edouard Lafargue, ed@wizkers.io

 Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
 a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"),
 to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation
 the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense,
 and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software
 is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

 The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
 all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

 THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
 IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
 FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
 AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY,
 WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR
 IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

Clarify licensing terms for artwork.

README.md, after:

Wizkers
============

Wizkers is a universal open source application for both data visualization and control of various kinds of scientific instruments. It is a full Javascript/HTML5 application which runs on nearly any computer, phone or tablet.

It can also run as a standalone server application, on any Linux platform, from a simple Raspberry Pi or Beaglebone black, all the way to cloud-hosted AWS instances, which gives it tremendous flexibility. Basically, it is a real open source simple 'cloud' system and one of the only 'cloud' projects out there with a fully open source license for both front-end and backend.

Out of the box, Wizkers supports a variety of instruments, and it can easily be extended to support additional devices.

You will find all the information you need on www.wizkers.io, including a complete user and developer documentation.

Installing
----------

Please refer to the official documentation on http://www.wizkers.io/ for all the details!

Software License
----------------

TL;DR: Wizkers is Open Source software under the terms of MIT License for all code, and Creative Commons CC-BY-SA 4.0 for
all original artwork. You can reuse, but you have to stick to those license terms and give full attribution.

Full version:

Artwork
========

Unless noted otherwise, all original artwork is licensed under Creative Commons CC-BY-SA 4.0. This includes in particular but is
not limted to all graphics (PNG, JPG and SVG files) located in the "oem" and "www" directories, all original fonts (KX3 monospace),
and original icons.

<a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/"><img alt="Creative Commons License" style="border-width:0" src="https://i.creativecommons.org/l/by-sa/4.0/88x31.png" /></a><br /><span xmlns:dct="http://purl.org/dc/terms/" property="dct:title">Wizkers artwork</span> by <a xmlns:cc="http://creativecommons.org/ns#" href="http://www.wizkers.io/" property="cc:attributionName" rel="cc:attributionURL">The Wizkers.io team</a> is licensed under a <a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/">Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International License</a>.<br />Based on a work at <a xmlns:dct="http://purl.org/dc/terms/" href="http://github.com/wizkers/wizkers/" rel="dct:source">http://github.com/wizkers/wizkers/</a>.<br />Permissions beyond the scope of this license may be available at <a xmlns:cc="http://creativecommons.org/ns#" href="info@wizkers.io" rel="cc:morePermissions">info@wizkers.io</a>.


Code
=====

All third party libraries are licensed under their respective license. All original code is licensed under the MIT license:

 The MIT License (MIT)
  Copyright (c) 2016 Edouard Lafargue, ed@wizkers.io

 Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
 a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"),
 to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation
 the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense,
 and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software
 is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

 The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
 all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

 THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
 IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
 FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
 AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY,
 WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR
 IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
